feat(curriculum/python): add vector space project to python curriculum (#54140)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/07-scientific-computing-with-python/learn-special-methods-by-building-a-vector-space/65f8749b13774b1d2e4a7fba.md

---
id: 65f8749b13774b1d2e4a7fba
title: Step 27
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-27
---

# --description--

> While the `__str__` method returns a human readable string representation of an object, the `__repr__` method is supposed to return the string needed to instantiate the object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the `__str__` method returns a human-readable string representation of an object, the `__repr__` method is supposed to return the string needed to instantiate the object.
```

> While the `__str__` method returns a human-readable string representation of an object, the `__repr__` method is supposed to return the string needed to instantiate the object.

Author: It's been mentioned in a previous project. It should be the either the sudoku solver or the binary search tree.

> Add an empty `__repr__` method with a `self` parameter within the `R2Vector` class.

Reviewer 2: empty may make the camper confused and not use pass

> Add an empty `__repr__` method with a `self` parameter within the `R2Vector` class.

Reviewer: Keeping in mind Ilenia's comment, the updated description can be:
```suggestion
Within the `R2Vector` class, create a `__repr__` method with a `self` parameter. Use `pass` statement to fill the method body.
```

# --hints--

Your `R2Vector` class should have a `__repr__` method.

```js
({ test: () => assert(runPython(`_Node(_code).find_class("R2Vector").has_function("__repr__")`)) })
```

> Your `__repr__` method should have a `self` parameter.

Reviewer: Adding the `self` parameter should be mentioned in the instruction.
